url,comment
https://github.com/01walid/it-scoop.git,
https://github.com/0xhjohnson/the-scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/215young/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/223kazuki/ScoopMarket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/34less/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/52inc/Scoops.git,no manifests
https://github.com/71/scoop-better-shimexe.git,no manifests
https://github.com/8percent/tsd.git,no manifests
https://github.com/a59/quiver.git,no manifests
https://github.com/aalmiray/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/aavramch/scoop-beta-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Abdelrahman-SS/lexical-scooping.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Abdul-Quadri-Ismail/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/abhijitaot/assignment2.R.git,no manifests
https://github.com/abhinavs/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Acexhat/scoopWhoopClone.git,no manifests
https://github.com/adesegunadedeji/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/AdhamEltantawy/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/AdhamEltantawy/scoop1.git,no manifests
https://github.com/AdhamGamal/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/adonisfamilia/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ahmedachour/ScoopSante.git,no manifests
https://github.com/aimzxr/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/akauppi/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/akce/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/akintner/scoopful.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Akshay-kshirsagar/ScoopenAngularProject.git,no manifests
https://github.com/alaribigbe/LEXICAL-SCOOPING.git,no manifests
https://github.com/albertod/ScoopEditor.git,no manifests
https://github.com/alexanderjacks/wordpress-scooper.git,no manifests
https://github.com/alextwothousand/scoop-cpp.git,no manifests
https://github.com/AlkamiCode/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/allenchou13/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/altynbek2003/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/altynbek2003/scoopProject.git,no manifests
https://github.com/alvinyongho/ScoopApp.git,no manifests
https://github.com/alyssadev/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/amdaza/ScoopBackendAppService.git,no manifests
https://github.com/amesk3/scoopsAhoyProject.git,no manifests
https://github.com/amol-fagare/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/amrithdevops/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/amyruth/scoopedDivs.git,no manifests
https://github.com/anderson269/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/AndresNaumann/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/andysnape/Python---FakeOS.git,no manifests
https://github.com/anheikkil/my-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Annapanna82/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/AntonOks/GenericBucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/antonsjolander/TicketScoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/aparkerlue/apl-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/aptaunk/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/apurvTri123/ScoopAndSpoon.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Ares42/ScoopInterview.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Arnauld/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/aroraank/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/arshad1995/ScoopNews.git,no manifests
https://github.com/artscoop/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/arvindAK/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Ascii/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Ash258/GenericBucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Ash258/Scoop-Dockers.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Ash258/Scoop-GithubActions.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Ash258/Scoop-Licenses.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ashleyedds/LocalScoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/asmenezes/ScoopTanksGame.git,no manifests
https://github.com/asmgf/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Awan12138/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/awelch6/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/AwesomeCronk/scoop-aweso.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Aymeric24/scoopid.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Baekchanhee/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/BajaKat/Kats-Korner-Liter-Box.git,no manifests
https://github.com/barelampagos/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/batigolix/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/bcgsc/RNA-Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/beltonmany/TSAWebApp_.git,no manifests
https://github.com/bendpannell/ScoopBook.git,no manifests
https://github.com/benejxs/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/benevolent3lephant/project3.git,no manifests
https://github.com/benferse/scoop-shim-symlinks.git,no manifests
https://github.com/BennyMurray/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/BennyMurray/ScoopRepository.git,no manifests
https://github.com/bheesham/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/BitCamp136-Gangnam/SCOOP.git,no manifests
https://github.com/bjansen/scoop-apps.git,no manifests
https://github.com/bjarkirafn/MyScoopBucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/blackraspberryyy/CrimeScoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/BlastarIndia/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Blimie/Web-Scraper.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Blixky12344/scoop-.git,no manifests
https://github.com/blunket/SCooP.git,no manifests
https://github.com/BlurRogue/ScoopsAhoy-Steve.git,no manifests
https://github.com/bradms/zshim.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Branchout/branchout-scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/bruab/ScoopIt.git,no manifests
https://github.com/BruceLee569/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/bubbkis/ScoopSetup_for_Win.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Bujupah/scoop-gui.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ByungJoonLee/LEE_BJ.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Calabree/Scoop2u.git,no manifests
https://github.com/CalesvolChen/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/CARV-ICS-FORTH/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ccyx1997/ccyx-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/cdinnison/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Cerios/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/cfiamobility/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/chadsorensen/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/chawyehsu/has-scoop-passed-chocolatey-yet.git,no manifests
https://github.com/chawyehsu/scoop-rs.git,no manifests
https://github.com/chenmofei/my_scoop_bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/chiedzamutungama/assignment.git,no manifests
https://github.com/chinnarao/scooppagesOLD.git,no manifests
https://github.com/chmoncada/scoopsBackend.git,no manifests
https://github.com/chocusa2/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Chrismmint/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/coffeemakr/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/coffeese/scoop-local-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/colindominic/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/collodi/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Colmanetg/acts_as_scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Cologler/ScoopBackup-pwsh.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Cologler/ScoopBucketsCleanup-pwsh.git,no manifests
https://github.com/comp500/scoop-browser.git,no manifests
https://github.com/conreality/scoop-conreality.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Cooocooco/ScoopBucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/coshx/scoop-layout-example.git,no manifests
https://github.com/cozyatg/MyScoopBucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/craigthackerx/craigtho-scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/CreateInnovateProduce/ScoopJavascriptWebApiProject.git,no manifests
https://github.com/cruzpaulajoanna/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/cyingfan/scoop-search.git,no manifests
https://github.com/cyrianax/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dagezi/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/DagmarTimmreck/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dalgetty/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dalida/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/daltonvarao/minicurso-iot-scoop2018.git,no manifests
https://github.com/danielb2/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/danielcornock/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/DanielCoulbourne/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/DanielGiuditta/yeet.git,no manifests
https://github.com/danielleniki/project-3-the-scoop0.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dannysperry/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dansimpson61/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/danyow/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/daveneeley/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/david-kerins/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/deepwaterdiver/mybucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dejavxtrem/ScoopProject.git,no manifests
https://github.com/denismestres/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dennis-tra/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Deraklanding/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/diklios5768/scoop-backup-pwsh.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Dileep092493/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Dileep53/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dillmo/ScoopBot.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dingykhan1/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Direct-A/sakane.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Dizeke/ScoopSociety.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dnlsrl/neat-utilities.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dnlsrl/scoop-dnlsrl.git,no manifests
https://github.com/DonIsaac/SCOOP-Site.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Doug1500/scoops3d.git,no manifests
https://github.com/doujia/jbucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dpurge/jdp-scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/draedr/icecream-machine.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dreammis/Two-Scoops-of-Django-11.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dregatos/Keepcoding_CloudModule_ScoopsApp.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dsuhari/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dungsil/scoop-korean-fonts.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dustinltran/ScoopUp.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dwillis/dwillis.github.com.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dwillm03/The-Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dyoder838/CityScoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/eai04191/eai-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/eallion/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/eckens/HeyGwen.git,no manifests
https://github.com/edwardz8/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/eins-yukiuchida/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Elvyria/scoop-clink-completion.git,no manifests
https://github.com/emresaglam/bloomsky-to-cwop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/enjikaka/Scoop.js.git,no manifests
https://github.com/excitoon/scoop-tools.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Eyepan/scoopman.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Eyepan/Scoopyman.git,no manifests
https://github.com/F3r-n4nd0/ScoopsSample.git,no manifests
https://github.com/fabriceo/SCoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/fal-works/fal-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/fatmacooper/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/fedexultra/ScoopDog-Discord-Bot.git,no manifests
https://github.com/feiyu2122/pesket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/feldroy/two-scoops-of-django-3.x.git,no manifests
https://github.com/FGRibreau/php-ScoopitOAuth.git,no manifests
https://github.com/FinanceDB/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/fishen/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/flaviostutz/datascience-tools.git,no manifests
https://github.com/flowgrad/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/foosel/scoop-checkver-action.git,no manifests
https://github.com/foosel/scoop-tray.git,no manifests
https://github.com/foreleven/feng-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/FoxBuru/scoop-buckets.git,no manifests
https://github.com/fran2711/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/freshwebio/scoop-freshwebtools.git,no manifests
https://github.com/frosemond/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/frostming/scoop-action.git,no manifests
https://github.com/frosty656/ScoopMe.git,no manifests
https://github.com/frosty656/ScoopMe2.0.git,no manifests
https://github.com/galbro/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/gary1410/The-Reel-Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/gatewayprogrammingschool/WinRepoSearch.git,no manifests
https://github.com/gee-whiz/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ggreendev/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ghchinoy/scoop-roguewave.git,no manifests
https://github.com/gitolicious/scoop-ui.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Gladtbam/Scoop_Bucket.git,Clones several scoop buckets
https://github.com/GlennRen/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/go2sun/Scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/go2sun/scoop-bucket-1.git,Clone of https://github.com/dodorz/scoop
https://github.com/Gooey101/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/gravitydev/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/GregStephen/scoopBackEnd.git,no manifests
https://github.com/guitarrapc/ScoopPlaybook.git,no manifests
https://github.com/gvp-yamini/ScoopsIceCream.git,no manifests
https://github.com/h4sh5/CommentScoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/haase-fabian/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/HackFox/hackfox.github.io.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hadesxiong/Bearman-Bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hajeekn-backup/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hamzafaisaljarral/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hamzafaisaljarral/ScoopInside.git,no manifests
https://github.com/harakeke-2021/scoops..git,no manifests
https://github.com/hareramcse/Scoop-Bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/harishsg99/ScoopBI.git,no manifests
https://github.com/harishsg99/ScoopDB.git,no manifests
https://github.com/harishsg99/ScoopMD.git,no manifests
https://github.com/harishsg99/ScoopTalk.git,no manifests
https://github.com/harshitbisht96/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hasan-hasanov/ScoopBox.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hbz0818/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hebaaaaaaaa/scoopyDooVacation.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hesitatetowonder/TheScoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hetocarvalho/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hezicyan/moreware.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hibikine/scoop-bucket-vst.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Hikshood/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hinzehaley/ScoopOnsite.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hlandauf/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hombit/scoop-on-docker-swarm.git,no manifests
https://github.com/HOPEFULLYIH/ScoopX.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Hoverbear/scoop-visualizer.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hpcugent/vsc-mympirun-scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/htsign/my-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/HuimingJia/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hulver/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Humanized/yii2-scoop-it.git,no manifests
https://github.com/HYHG/scoop.git,Clone of lukesampson/scoop
https://github.com/iaguilarmartin/ScoopsApp.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ialexis/Scoops.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ianchen06/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/icecreamforfree/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/icemioi/scoop-bucket.git,Clone of ScoopInstaller/Extras
https://github.com/IchinoseHimeki/Airborne-Scoop-Bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ieshiahill/ScoopHoopClient.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ieshiahill/ScoopHoopServer.git,no manifests
https://github.com/imorrish/v-ise.git,no manifests
https://github.com/itslog/butt-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jalota2790/ScoopsWhoops.git,no manifests
https://github.com/JamieMagee/ansible-win-scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jascodes/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jayozer/scoopv2.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jaytoday/scoopstream.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Jbohn44/ScoopReview.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Jbohn44/ScoopReviewLite.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jd-alexander/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jdmarty/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Jean-lucLanglois/Looper.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jeffhsu07/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jeherve/scoopit-for-jetpack.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jencwong/scoopsIceCream.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jereldlimjy/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Jerick-CM/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jerky676/ScoopBucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jesancheza/ScoopPucela.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jfut/scoop-checkver.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jfut/scoop-dell-xps-8920.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jharsh1202/ScoopWhoop-iOS-Assignment.git,no manifests
https://github.com/JH-Dev-Twitch/Scoops.Mobile.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jixinlo/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jjctabares/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jk10390/Jacob-Kennedy.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jkorell/jkorell-scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jlabedo/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jlgarciaap/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jmoalves/scoop.js.git,no manifests
https://github.com/JMScoop/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/JMScoop/ScoopAPI.git,no manifests
https://github.com/JMScoop/ScoopDemo.git,no manifests
https://github.com/JMScoop/ScoopPWA.git,no manifests
https://github.com/joelg57/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/joelkp/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/johannesegger/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/johndoe90/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/johnnykoo84/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/JonathanJosephShokry/Ludum-Dare.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Jordan-Gilliam/SpotifyWebApp.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Josetinajero08/scoopHackWitch.git,no manifests
https://github.com/joshparkAS/the-scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/joshuacrowley/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/josue-rojas/ScoopsAhoyChatBot.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jprcksnts/scoop-society-laravel.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jqjiang819/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jrogonzalez/ScoopsBackend.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Jsimmons--dev/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/JSpringYC/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jtigger/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jubin2smb/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/julianmacias/ScoopPrototype.git,no manifests
https://github.com/julianobarbosa/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/juliendangers/Elgg-Scoop-It.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Jumador/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/JUn1c0rn/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/justincohler/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/JustinGrote/Scoop-JustinGrote.git,no manifests
https://github.com/JustinGrote/scoop-pwsh-preview-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/justin-robinson/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/justnat3/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jymds/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ka6292/ScoopU.git,no manifests
https://github.com/kalpeshnair726/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/karlCobb/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/KarlGoddard/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/KarolinaH/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/kasaijaakiiki/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/katiebayes/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/KatieFrey/scoopsAhoy.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Kells1109/Scoop1109.git,no manifests
https://github.com/kenatita/-ssigment2.git,no manifests
https://github.com/kidonng/scoop-docs.git,no manifests
https://github.com/kidonng/snoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Kiedtl/open-scoop.git,https://travis-ci.org/rasa/scoop-directory/jobs/467750220#L642
https://github.com/KimayaAds/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/kimbirkelund/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/kimm5294/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/kingchang/scoop-buckets.git,no manifests
https://github.com/king-ly/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/kiriyam/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/kkzzhizhou/scoop-apps.git,Aggregates other buckets
https://github.com/klane/dotfiles.git,no manifests
https://github.com/KMG8/theScoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/kmss-w/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/KNOXDEV/scoop-backup.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Konecho/Scoop2CLaunch.git,no manifests
https://github.com/kpia/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/k-pop-enthusiast/yeji.git,no manifests
https://github.com/krainet/ScoopyNews.git,no manifests
https://github.com/krishnakumar1612/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Kronifer/pythondev-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/KungFuMidget89/hello.git,no manifests
https://github.com/kuroda/vue-data-scooper.git,no manifests
https://github.com/kushkapadia/Ice-Cream-Parlour-Website.git,no manifests
https://github.com/kwaxer/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/kxw1059/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/kylealzayadi/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/kylealzayadi/ScoopApp.git,no manifests
https://github.com/kyrone/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ladyskynet/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/lakshya-20/scoopress.git,no manifests
https://github.com/lastrosade/jeremylee-scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/laurkim/scoopDoggsIceCreamShoppe.git,no manifests
https://github.com/leedongwei/data-scooping.git,no manifests
https://github.com/lenknerd/ScoopEm.git,no manifests
https://github.com/levfurtado/scoops4.2.git,no manifests
https://github.com/liandar23/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/lightfaith/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ligmobile/ligmobile-scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/lihongjie0209/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/lingshanjun/Two-Scoops-of-Django-Best-Practices-For-Django-1.8.git,no manifests
https://github.com/lipakmu7/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/LisGlitchrain/glitchsys-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ljr1981/mail_client.git,no manifests
https://github.com/logcheck/ScoopTrackReview.git,no manifests
https://github.com/lossanarch/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ltolosana/ScoopsEditor.git,no manifests
https://github.com/L-Trump/Scoop-CHS.git,no manifests
https://github.com/lukepothier/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/luxiaoming/ScoopsDemo.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ly2ly/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/lyft/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/m1ssjackson/poop-di-scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/m4st3rP/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/machiko/chrome-scoop-extension.git,no manifests
https://github.com/machiko/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Madmonkie86/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/maithilish/scoopi-scraper.git,no manifests
https://github.com/makerere-compute/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mamama11/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/manezgz/ScoopsMane.git,no manifests
https://github.com/manliketj/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/maoizm/scoopBucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/martinet101/WinGetUI.git,no manifests
https://github.com/MattRowee/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/maver1ck/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mayanovarini/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mbrn82/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mcman2017/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mcserverhosting-net/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/medaminehamidi/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/medoni/scoop-extras-source.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mehmetunal/ScoopFramework.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mejackreed/GovScooper.git,no manifests
https://github.com/melito00/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mertd/shovel.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mertd/shovel-data.git,All manifests in a single file
https://github.com/mgarbvs/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mgii8623/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/michaelstandeven/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/MichelleRoeten/The-Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/MikeMillar/The-Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mikepruett3/Check-ScoopStatus.git,no manifests
https://github.com/MilesSinger/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mindyGit/scoopCatering-clientSide.git,no manifests
https://github.com/MinoruSekine/setup-scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mirdware/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mohamedmie/cinemascoop.github.io.git,no manifests
https://github.com/moheng233/MoHengBucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/momingqimiao326/MoScoopBucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mottosso/rez-scoopz.git,no manifests
https://github.com/moviesguo/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mr-childers/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mrichko/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mrjinxiecat595/kitty-litter.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mr-moon/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/MrRyanAlexander/scoop333.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mr-south-guo/scoop-bucket-main.git,no manifests
https://github.com/MrWillCom/auto-mirroring-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mtzirkel/icratings.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mukeliu/my-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Muulsh/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/myricae/SCOOP.git,no manifests
https://github.com/n9neyez/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/nachomdo/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/nagyistoce/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/nanayawduah/soop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/naodara/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/nataliecardot/seattle-scoops.git,no manifests
https://github.com/natesubra/ScoopTools.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Naziaislam80/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ndittren/ScoopsAhoy.git,no manifests
https://github.com/nekocodeX/Scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Neruelin/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/netxph/bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/nevissumaryani/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/newscoop/JS-Scoopwriter.git,no manifests
https://github.com/nibscbioinformatics/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/nickhericks/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/nnnevermore/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Noisecommander/rommanagement-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/notWorthy/scoop-personal.git,no manifests
https://github.com/nskold/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/nueko/scoop-php-ext.git,$
https://github.com/nueko/snub.git,no manifests
https://github.com/NyaaCat/MelonScoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/NyarukoDev/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/obaidsiddiqui70/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/occar421/my-windows-dev-settings.git,no manifests
https://github.com/O-DAIKI/ScoopNote.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ohforest/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/okebai/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/olivertappin/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/OmAgarwal8979/SCOOP.git,no manifests
https://github.com/omardeleo/ScoopsAhoyChatbot.git,no manifests
https://github.com/onzyone/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/OpenIoTHub/aliddns.git,no manifests
https://github.com/opyoux/buckets.git,no manifests
https://github.com/osborne6/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/osheraz/komodo.git,no manifests
https://github.com/OsirisTerje/bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ous50/ous50-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/OzakIOne/scoop-gui.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Pac12Run8000/ScoopApp.git,no manifests
https://github.com/pakeweb/scoop.sh.git,no manifests
https://github.com/paphonb/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/patrickrmcginty/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/pavanbijja/scoop-bucket.git,$
https://github.com/payutc/scoopydoo.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Pedro1234-code/msedge.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Pepe-Padilla/ScoopPro.git,no manifests
https://github.com/peterhajas/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/PhilCoggins/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/phoenix106/my-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Piercing/ScoopsReader.git,no manifests
https://github.com/pikamar/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/pmuellr/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/poloniusDergath/polobucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/porpai1999/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/prabhuthangaraj/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/prezesp/scoop-viewer.git,no manifests
https://github.com/PriyathamVarma/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/PriyathamVarma/scoopit.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ProfZidane/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Psychopovt/open-scoop.git,$
https://github.com/puja255/scoop.git,Clone of ScoopInstaller/Main
https://github.com/PushkaraSharma/ScoopFeeds.git,no manifests
https://github.com/pvj695/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/pyblish/pyblish.git,no manifests
https://github.com/qihuo99/ScoopAssetseManager.git,no manifests
https://github.com/qimiaoguo/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/qq2413273056/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/quantuumsnot/qtools.git,no manifests
https://github.com/radhill7k/scoop-elk.git,no manifests
https://github.com/rafallan/scoop2019.git,no manifests
https://github.com/rahulmr/rbucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/rahulpedduri/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ram-456/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/rami3l/pacaptr.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Ranjizamadhu/scoop-bear.git,$
https://github.com/rasa/scoop-directory.git,no manifests
https://github.com/RealUrsus/ScoopyNG.git,no manifests
https://github.com/reinvanoyen/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/renanmb/scoop.git,Clone of lukesampson/scoop
https://github.com/revres/ScoopAlooops.git,no manifests
https://github.com/rfim/DEAP-SimpleExample-Notebook.git,no manifests
https://github.com/rhoffen/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/richard12543/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ridfer/selfbucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/rishabh92-stack/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ritik2017/MorningScoops.git,no manifests
https://github.com/riverscn/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/rivy/scoop.bucket.git.scoop-main
https://github.com/rmwillow/theSocialScoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/robdasi/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/romasch/scoop_patterns.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ronkagan/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/rossmurray/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/RuneNova/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Rupinachristy/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/rushup12/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Ruthvicp/CS5590_BigDataProgramming.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ryan690/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/rykfield/REF02-Two-Scoops.git,no manifests
https://github.com/S3FL-REST/TeensyProgram.git,no manifests
https://github.com/s4na/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sachinsingla-commit/ScoopWhoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sahutkarsh/city-scooper.git,no manifests
https://github.com/SaiBalaji22/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/salvadorbs/Asuite.git,no manifests
https://github.com/samirthebti/ScoopMovies.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sammzit/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Sandeep-Bansal/scooped.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sanskriti-dev/ScoopWhoopClone.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sarahcooper22/scooper2.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sarithvasu/ScoopAssignment.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sat6me/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sayaig/others.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sbdu/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sborowsky/ScoopUiOS.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scayssials/scoopydoo-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/schuepi/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sclasen/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Scooopy321/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scoop/scoop.github.com.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Scoop1/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scoop2019joe/app-calc-scoop2019-gh.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scoop2019joe/app-scoop2019.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scoop2019joe/scoop2019-cal.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scoop2019joe/scoop2019-calc.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scoop22/anthony-scoop22.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Scoop26/Scoop26.github.io.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Scoop384/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Scoop5/Scoop5.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scoop777/scoop777.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scoop8/scoop8.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Scoop8888/Scoop8888.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scoop916/scoop916.github.io.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scoopC123/scoopC123.github.io.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopDoo2009/ScoopDoo2009.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scooper0200/scooper0200.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Scooper1201/Scooper1201.github.io.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scooper4000/scooper4000.github.io.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scooper69/scooper69.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Scoopers1/Scoopers1.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Scoopex99/Scoopex99.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scoopey12435/scoopey12435.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scoopfoundation13/scoopFoundation.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scoophealth/SCOOP-doc.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scoopinion/scoopinion.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/Awesome.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/Binary.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/Excavator.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/GitCloner.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/Install.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/Scoop.git,No manifests
https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/Shim.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/Validator.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Scoopit/scoopit-drupal.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopML/DeepScoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopML/ScoopML-actions.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopML/ScoopML-CLI.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopML/ScoopML-SDK-dart.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopML/ScoopML-SDK-for-swift.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopML/ScoopML-SDK-js.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopML/ScoopML-SDK-php.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopML/ScoopML-SDK-python.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scoopr27/scoopr27.github.io.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scoops1022/scoops1022.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Scoops29/Scoops29.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopSearch/ScoopSearch.AzureFunctions.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopSearch/ScoopSearch.WebSearchEngine.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Scoopshot/ScoopToys.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scoopteam/frontend.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Scoop-Tech/scpx-svr.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Scoop-Tech/scpx-wallet.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopThemes/scoopthemes.github.io.git,no manifests
https://github.com/SCOOPY15/SCOOPY15.git,no manifests
https://github.com/SCPPOY/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scumbug/pail.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sdimartino510/scoop-scraper.git,no manifests
https://github.com/se35710/scoop-java.git,$
https://github.com/seadb/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_Scoops_-NimbleBit_Game-.git,no manifests
https://github.com/seedthelearning/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/segun/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/segundoBhumia/segundo-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/selner/scooper.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sergescardigno/pooperscooper.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sgordon834/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/SHall252/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/shanshanhu533/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Shantala06/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Shikha18/ScoopWhool.git,no manifests
https://github.com/shilangyu/scoop-search.git,no manifests
https://github.com/shivaduke28/my-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ShivangiSingh17/Python-scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/shubhamdupare/ScoopThoughts.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sidhantbajaj/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/silexKhan/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/simohutcaus/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/skeiromar/ScoopsAhoy-ChatBot.git,no manifests
https://github.com/skipperstrange/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/skynet/Scoop.It-API-Library.git,no manifests
https://github.com/slice/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/smellsworth/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/soravux/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/spadino/mybucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/spec-chum/Amiga-Scoopex-C.git,no manifests
https://github.com/SpecterShell/scoop-archive.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sreecharan15/ScoopSoup.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sr-webcode/ScoopRecipe.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ssaitta/scoopExtractor.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sstfort/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Steltion/ScoopFirstTest.git,no manifests
https://github.com/SteveHCooper/ScoopStuff.git,no manifests
https://github.com/StevenGeorge/ScoopityWoopity.git,no manifests
https://github.com/straywriter/ScoopBucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/StUpldStuff/scoopBucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/suvashi/scoop1.git,no manifests
https://github.com/suvmarya/ScoopWhoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/svkoh/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sylvain1811/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Synergistic/ScoopsVRWeb.git,no manifests
https://github.com/TacoTheDank/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/takagotch/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/TakashiAihara/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/take2rohit/scoop_net.git,no manifests
https://github.com/tapannallan/awesome-scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/TaraJones/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/tbergen1/codeacademy_scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/tferrari16/ScoopU.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ThatOnePenguin/Javascript-exercises.git,no manifests
https://github.com/The-Bing-Bois/scoop-webapp.git,no manifests
https://github.com/thedizzle23/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/thedizzle23/scupa.git,no manifests
https://github.com/themrhead/scoop-bucket-apps.git,no manifests
https://github.com/TheRandomLabs/Scoop-Bucket-Binaries.git,no manifests
https://github.com/thomascharbit/WP-ScoopIt-Importer.git,no manifests
https://github.com/thoughtgap/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/tianzhijiexian/scoop-packages.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Tibart/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Ticket14/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/tindang17/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Tingli98/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/tiramakantraore/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/T-Jedsada/20ScoopsMVP-Kotlin.git,no manifests
https://github.com/t-kash/tkbucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/toburger/scoop-buckets.git,no manifests
https://github.com/tompccs/scoopy.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Trail-Blaze/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Trail-Blaze/scoop-publisher.git,no manifests
https://github.com/TrinaLangford/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/trvsdnn/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/tsukasaoishi/word_scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/tu0607/windows-setup-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/tuancaraballo/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/turboBasic/TurboScoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/twitchscience/scoop_protocol.git,no manifests
https://github.com/TwoScoopGames/ScoopChain.git,no manifests
https://github.com/twoscoops/django-twoscoops-project.git,no manifests
https://github.com/twoscoops/two-scoops-of-django-1.11.git,no manifests
https://github.com/twoscoops/two-scoops-of-django-1.5.git,no manifests
https://github.com/twoscoops/two-scoops-of-django-1.6.git,no manifests
https://github.com/twoscoops/two-scoops-of-django-1.8.git,no manifests
https://github.com/twoscoops/two-scoops-of-django-2.0-code-examples.git,no manifests
https://github.com/TXT-Teens-Exploring-Technology/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/TylerIlunga/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/tysonbird/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ubskm/courseraubs.git,no manifests
https://github.com/umestha/scoop.git,Clone of lukesampson/scoop
https://github.com/unawe/spacescoop-old.git,no manifests
https://github.com/UncleMac/SCScoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/unitedeuropa/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/UraelXu/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/UTKcataloging/AirScoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/utwente-fmt/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vaibhavb31/ScoopWhoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Vaishnavi-eng137/ScoopWhoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vanaf1979/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vanshsehgal2001/ScoopNews.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Varsion/SCoop-Arduino.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vasudeorateria/ScoopWhoopHiringChallenge.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vasujain/ScoopNewsAggregator.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vdemay/Scoop.it-Android.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vdemay/ScoopItFramework.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vdemay/Scoopit-Java.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vdemay/Scoopit-PHP.git,no manifests
https://github.com/verdimonica/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vfonov/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vg-lab/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/VHS-APCSA/twointegers-Scooper013.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vikisimovska/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vinaynambiar/desktop-scoop2.git,Clone of lukesampson/scoop
https://github.com/vitorinux/vmscoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vivekanandbellale-tudip/ScoopenDemo.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vivienhaese/ecoma-scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vizvarun/ScoopBox-News-App-ReactNative.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vmogilev/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vPunk/scoopRepo.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vromero/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/w0rkr42o/miner-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/wasdennnoch/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/wateroader/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/wavebyte/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/wayanlw/scoopInstall.git,no manifests
https://github.com/W-Congda/My-Bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/wdelmas/ScoopIt-Api-NET.git,no manifests
https://github.com/WebAdviser/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/webofiice/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/WeilerWebServices/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/wenmin92/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/weson23/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Wheaties247/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Whiteknight/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/wingillis/floop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/wjeanvilma/Story.git,no manifests
https://github.com/wo0d/scoop-buckets.git,no manifests
https://github.com/woo-yee/scoop-buckets-woo.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Wp1stop/scoopcg.git,no manifests
https://github.com/wragle/TIS.git,no manifests
https://github.com/wyattcol/ScoopiezBot.git,no manifests
https://github.com/XabinCoffee/ReactNativeNavigationShenanigans.git,no manifests
https://github.com/xdoli2008/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/xeneka/scoopsBackend.git,no manifests
https://github.com/xeneka/scoopsIOS.git,no manifests
https://github.com/xfournet/sboot.git,no manifests
https://github.com/xtopherryan/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Xtreme-Light/light-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Yagogon/ScoopsAzure.git,no manifests
https://github.com/yakimmarshall/variable-scoop-mod.git,no manifests
https://github.com/yashasvibajpai/ScoopTodo.git,no manifests
https://github.com/yashwanthgurram00/lexical-scooping.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ydemangeau/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/yibum/scoop-buckets-web-netlify.git,no manifests
https://github.com/yihui/tinytex-releases.git,no manifests
https://github.com/youngrokkim2017/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/yukihane/scoop-bucket-yukihane-games.git,no manifests
https://github.com/YunLongDragon/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/yuuki76/My-test-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/yuzukwok/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/yves-bonami/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/yywr/MyScoopBucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/zawzawzaw/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/zemogle/spacescoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/zhangkun902/scoopTest.git,no manifests
https://github.com/zhoujin7/crawl-scoop-directory.git,no manifests
https://github.com/zhoujin7/scoop-search.git,no manifests
https://github.com/zlancto4360/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Zombiesanta/ScoopDNS.git,no manifests
https://github.com/zoople/scoopNinja.git,no manifests
https://github.com/zphilip/BlockPit.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ztj1993/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/zyctinker/SCoopPlugin.git,no manifests
https://github.com/zyiLoong/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/zyqstore/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Neruelin/TheScoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/JuanValdez47/Scoop-Life.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Trail-Blaze/marketplace.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jcarroll2007/jcarroll2007.github.io.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vivi2nice/project-3-the-scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/niktekusho/scoop-installer.git,no manifests
https://github.com/draedr/icecream.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Kazanami/my-scoop-template.git,no manifests
https://github.com/BruceZhang1993/scoop-azusa.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scoop96/scoop96.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mindyGit/scoopCateringApp.git,no manifests
https://github.com/rivy/scoop.bucket.scoop-main.git,clone of scoopinstaller/scoop-main
https://github.com/luannfaria/Projeto-Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sack-of-noodles/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ArkToria/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/gphg/scoop-love.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hiono/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/diklios5768/scoop-backup.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Omobolaji92/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/alaturka/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/klazapp/Ice-Cream-Scoop-Mobile-Game.git,no manifests
https://github.com/snthcy/suckit.git,no manifests
https://github.com/amreus/bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/wolfyu1991/scoop-ctf.git,no manifests
https://github.com/emilefraser/PyroScoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/RavenMacDaddy/scoop-apps.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Ash258/Scoop-Ash258.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sotvokun/basket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/BucketTemplate.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Moeologist/scoop-completion.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Lanservery/scoop-mirror.git,no manifests
https://github.com/lemon-sh/lemon-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sveltinio/scoop-sveltin.git,no manifests
https://github.com/shovel-org/Dockers.git,no manifests
https://github.com/DejavuMoe/scoop-dejavu.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Snax1/Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/NandanTyagi/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/maroomir/ScoopLearner.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopyLoop/ScoopyLoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jacobjk01/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/Tests.git,no manifests
https://github.com/5Akshat/Scoop5.git,no manifests
https://github.com/imhpdev/scoopabase.git,no manifests
https://github.com/alealexpro100/ru-school-scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/yashrajtalokar/ScoopyWorld.git,no manifests
https://github.com/rr0001/scoop-srv-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/windedge/Scooper.git,no manifests
https://github.com/nitrictech/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/cc713/ScoopWikiCN.git,no manifests
https://github.com/DylanWhite2246Programming/2022-Scoopy-Scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/DestinyHunter/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/borger/scoop-galaxy-integrations.git,no manifests
https://github.com/tetradice/scoop-iyokan-jp.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/PHP.git,no manifests
https://github.com/snaphat/alias-additions.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jfut/scoop-pleiades.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Faustvii/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/NSIS-Dev/scoop-nsis.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jonz94/scoop-sarasa-nerd-fonts.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scyv/meteor-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/philippgille/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/xfournet/scoop-sboot.git,no manifests
https://github.com/morapet/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/wm26hua/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ereborstudios/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jxxkvs/flowerKitty.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hjjhjj/doraemon-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/AndreasBrostrom/arma3-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dungsil/scoop-apache-archive.git,no manifests
https://github.com/zt-luo/bucket-luo.git,no manifests
https://github.com/suzume17/my-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/deverte/scoop-shell.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sargunv/scoop-sargunv.git,no manifests
https://github.com/LockTech/scoop-locktech.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hitrikrtek/scoop-mole.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ztj1993/scoop-chinese.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Freshly/scoops.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ubclaunchpad/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/raulfpl/scoop-raulfpl.git,no manifests
https://github.com/command-line-tools/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/instrumenta/scoop-instrumenta.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Kantouzin/scoop-bucketouzin.git,no manifests
https://github.com/colkey/scoop-colkey.git,no manifests
https://github.com/tkishiro/ScoopBucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/quickfixgo/scoop-qf.git,no manifests
https://github.com/nueko/scoop-php.git,no manifests
https://github.com/nueko/php-ext-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/red/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jmcarbo/scoopbucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/maman/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/kentork/scoop-leaky-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/giantswarm/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/onlyice/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/rohitnarayanan/scoop-apps.git,no manifests
https://github.com/lurdan/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ondr3j/scoop-misc.git,no manifests
https://github.com/lesstif/scoop-bucket-for-korean.git,no manifests
https://github.com/furyfire/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/riscorpian/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/cryptogrampus/cuztum-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Sandex/scoop-supernova.git,no manifests
https://github.com/gexclaude/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/kissiy179/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/TangentFoxy/ScoopBucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/DinVolodka/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/willvsmvp/scoop-buckets.git,no manifests
https://github.com/shutaozhenzhen/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/anurse/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/follnoob/follnoob-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/narnaud/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/cprieto/my-scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/andreysaksonov/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/pastleo/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ponta555/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Spiraster/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Kore-Development/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/yt3r/test-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/slbb/slbbBucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/audientlin/my-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/amdg/timba.git,no manifests
https://github.com/TangentFoxy/ScoopBucket-ThirdParty.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Alxandr/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/doughyjohnny/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/rgroszewski/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/prezesp/prezesp-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/m4k070/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/MattKang/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/yutahaga/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jiangbo0216/bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/klauern/trackello-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/blutui/bucket-courier.git,no manifests
https://github.com/zackijack/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/rcqls/scoop-extras.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ippsio/scoop_bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Akjir/snsb.git,no manifests
https://github.com/fungtion/my-scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/tatesuke/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/zhuchentong/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/danielgatis/scoop-imgcat.git,no manifests
https://github.com/frostming/scoop-frostming.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jdevora/my_scoop_bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/IHaveNoZpu/zpu-buckets.git,no manifests
https://github.com/myomi/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/TokunaKimochi/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/fluffynuts/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/radusuciu/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/plentico/scoop-plenti.git,no manifests
https://github.com/verdana/scorpion.git,no manifests
https://github.com/imwithye/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/nikolasd/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hpifys/scoop-pocket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dschaefer/scoop-tools816.git,no manifests
https://github.com/shyun3/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/javageek/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/p-rs/scoop-eschargo.git,no manifests
https://github.com/wamich/scoop-bucket-nerdctl.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jonaskje/scoops.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mmichaelis/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dimdimych/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/nyamairi/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hibikine/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ats124/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/t0n3/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/haunt98/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/roelofvkr/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/superudo/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dbarbuzzi/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/yahord/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ondrejsv/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mynerva-io/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/iwa4/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/holehan/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/qoomon/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jumpchat/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/AnotherFoxGuy/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ErnWong/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/tbung/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/bobbytrapz/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/agrimrules/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/twxs/scoop-buckets.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vejmartin/scoop_bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/lettucrisp/scoop_bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/murphysec/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/justsh/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/divanvisagie/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/nickers/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ksawerykarwacki/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/keys-pub/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ztj1993/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/BESTSELLER/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/litzh/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/pathbird/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/qcts33/scoop_bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dasbaumwolltier/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/proudzhu/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dduan/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/graaaaaaa/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/homburg/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/speechly/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mathieucarbou/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/cwzero/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/loadaspasaspas/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/hydra1983/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Jokler/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/alex1313/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/tfournier/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/fx5171/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/2moveit/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/watchmen-test/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/plombard/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/rswch/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/maroider/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/re3turn/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/leafgarland/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/joserebelo/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ninjaoxygen/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Jackymancs4/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/slaxor/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/stateful/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/klaidliadon/scoop-buckets.git,no manifests
https://github.com/te9yie/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/HYY-yu/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ackerr/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/masaeedu/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/S0methingWicked/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/JorundMartinsen/scoop-buckets.git,no manifests
https://github.com/derKrischan/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/icalder/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/wawakakakyakya/scoop-buckets.git,no manifests
https://github.com/82p/scoop-yubico-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/rfc3092/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/nitishm/scoop-bucket-engarde.git,no manifests
https://github.com/zeero/scoop-my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/iranika/iranika-tools.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ghchinoy/scoop-ce.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Ambiel127/mth-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sveco/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/masonm12/scoop-personal.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jm0477/bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Alvison/scoop-alvison.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jbvovau/vovau.git,no manifests
https://github.com/wangfeishine/adds.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jiangtianyou/MyScoopBucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/TorrentKatten/torrentkatten-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/BebopBamf/bebopbamfs-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/SheldonNico/echoBucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Taosenai/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/deevus/scoop-games.git,no manifests
https://github.com/graphuk/graph_scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/sankaku-deltalab/sankaku-app-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/monotykamary/toms-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/madosuki/the-my-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dennislloydjr/scoop-bucket-devbox.git,no manifests
https://github.com/krokofant/scoop-powershell-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ceclin/scoop-bucket-me.git,no manifests
https://github.com/tmxkn1/AnthonyScoopBucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/vidarkongsli/vidars-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/devilishcherub/scoop-app-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ati-ozgur/ati-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/lihuu/my-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/wangcheng/scoop-bucket-dogfight360.git,no manifests
https://github.com/breucode/scoop-test-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/raoxiaoman/raohui-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/wallacewinfrey/wallacewinfrey-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/topstone/scoop-bucket-t_shogi.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mariocapellari/my-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/stevennight/scoop-bucket-nyatori.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jsorah/jsorah-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/prezesp/scoop-viewer-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mr-dlrow/misc-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/barohatoum/my-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/zerda/scoop-bucket-extra.git,no manifests
https://github.com/JaxRaffnix/scoop-my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/spookyuser/my-scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/watermelonpizza/melon-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/crojascampos/personal-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/cronyakatsuki/scoop-cronytips.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Clownfused/bucket-o-clowns.git,no manifests
https://github.com/huguesmp/mon-seau.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mikepruett3/scoop-cyberduck.git,no manifests
https://github.com/AndreasMReumschuessel/cask.git,no manifests
https://github.com/demesne/dev-extras.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Krzysztof-Cieslak/scoop-fsharp-extras.git,no manifests
https://github.com/billybooth/bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/cprecioso/scoop-lektor.git,no manifests
https://github.com/fspacek/app-servers-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/skippi/scoop-lsp.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Baavgai/baav-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Greydus/weeb-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/shelmangroup/scoops.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Doublemine/scoops.git,no manifests
https://github.com/MoltenCoreDev/wucket-o-bater.git,no manifests
https://github.com/tomasaschan/taschan-scoops.git,no manifests
https://github.com/rcoliveira2016/bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/atomicwrites/bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/prog-dude/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mdekstrand/ekstrand-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jnichols35/my_bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/icetee/icetee-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ory/scoop-hydra.git,no manifests
https://github.com/scalacenter/scoop-bloop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/dzxs/scoop-dzxs.git,no manifests
https://github.com/uranusjr/pipx-standalone.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ory/scoop-ory.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ory/scoop-kratos.git,no manifests
https://github.com/wsdjeg/scoop-neovim-dev.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ory/scoop-oathkeeper.git,no manifests
https://github.com/netlify/scoop-netlifyctl.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ory/scoop-keto.git,no manifests
https://github.com/nishanthkarthik/scoopsrc.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jarosz/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/chadrien/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/gbragi/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/ory/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/patlau/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/infrahq/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/iorate/scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/mrroman/scoop-extras.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Callidin/ragnar-scoop.git,no manifests
https://github.com/jamesgecko/scoop-packages.git,no manifests
https://github.com/masaeedu/scoop-growlnotify.git,no manifests
https://github.com/nrakochy/scoop-solidity.git,no manifests
https://github.com/siddarthasagar/scoopbucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/brecert/my-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/robertkg/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/typhoon51280/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/tnessy/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/tomaszkrzyzanowski/scoop-bucket.git,no manifests
https://github.com/Megasware128/scoop-terraformer.git,no manifests
